I knew you would follow
What do you mean?
Su Wanqing, you are really shameless
Abandoned by Wang Zitao before, he still doesn't give up
Do you have to pester Fan Dasun now?
I'm not Chu Chu
Su Wanqing, Su Wanqing
Hmph, why are you so cheap?
I just saw that you were so pitiful
So pretend to help you.
I don't look down on you at all
In the end, you have to rush to pester me
Of course I'm rude to you.
Why are you pretending to be reserved with me now?
I haven't touched the sequelae of men in too long.
Hahahahaha, you like me so much?
Hahaha, it makes me feel sick.
Gee, he just can't get it.
I just said I don't want it on purpose
Let's not argue with him.
Hahaha
Wang Li, you are Fan Dasen's fiancee
How do you know my full name?
You investigated me?